all right so in 2020 we saw a lot of
laptops to the point where
this year i actually think we saw the
most number of
laptop choices available ever like
there's just so
many devices that companies were pumping
out and i checked just before this video
i was like how many devices did i get i
was just curious 67
i was sent 67 laptops from various
companies
from 2020. it's just crazy now the truth
is i didn't review most of them
they go back in case you're wondering
but i didn't review most of them for
a couple reasons number one time it's
just i had less time than normal this
year
but the big thing is that i think a lot
of companies were just
refreshing devices right there was like
you know we
we're gonna change it a little bit
here's the new laptop for 2020
and i was i didn't want to review it the
truth is i don't want to waste
your time like that's the thing that's
very precious right you guys are
watching these videos i don't want to
burn
seven minutes of your time 10 minutes of
your time making another video
of something you saw last year with like
a new color that's just not how i roll
so i skipped a big portion of them
however
i wanted to do a video at the end of
this year kind of
ranking the devices just for my opinion
what did i think of the devices as a as
an overall
product right so tier list time
i wanted to do a tier list of these
devices
again from best to worst and this time
is a little bit different i wanted to do
a video just on the devices i was
interested in
right the stuff that i was interested in
terms of like replacing
my existing laptop or stuff that i was
just drawn to because
it was a cool product okay top of the
list
legion five so this is from lenovo i'm
comfortable placing this
as an a tier i think
i may regret this but i feel like we're
opening strong here legion five
amd based laptop really well built for
its price point
i felt like this was one of very few
devices out there
amd based devices out there that was
done properly so many companies tried
to make a ryzen based gaming laptop and
so many of them did a really poor job of
it
these guys did it well so it's an a tier
for me uh next up nitro 5 from acer
this is
yeah i'm going to place it in a beer
tier so there's two things that come to
mind number one
it's a red gaming laptop it's 20 20
that's like a dying fat they're still
doing it maybe it's
you know it's a marketing position so
it's not the best looking device they
have there
but it's a red gaming laptop this was
also ryzen based
pretty well done i do think that it
would be tough for acer to sell this
thing alongside the rest of their
devices
if they made this device too good
looking like they got to make it
a little bit ugly so that the other
devices they sell look better
but yeah it's a it's a solid b tier for
me so the g5 sc so this is from dell
this is another one of the right we have
a lot of ryzens to start here this was
one of the few that had an amd graphics
card to go alongside and they had this
tech that kind of made the
gpu and the cpu talk together to give
like a little bit of boosted performance
i would place this as yeah it's a beach
here
uh it doesn't do better because i
remember this thing running hot like
it's a dell device a lot of them do but
this i feel like they could have cooled
this little better uh yeah
beats here okay legion 7i this is also
from lenovo
this was not as well done as the legion
five i'm gonna put this as
yeah i'm gonna put this as a seat here
so
okay it's an expensive device right
these are these are intel base when you
see the i it's an intel chip
this was also expensive because it's
like the more premium version the seven
is higher than the five
and also their pricing like lenovo's
pricing is all over the place they have
sales some days they have like
overly inflated prices other days to
make their sales look better it's just a
weird pricing thing
legion 7i c tier i also remember the
thermals being kind of iffy on this
device
okay the rp so this is the rp15 from
electronics a whole bunch of other kind
of
boutique brands sell similar device this
is a member of the
secret laptop club this was a really
good device
ryzen based and very inexpensive for the
kind of hard
i'd place this as an s tier if my memory
serves me correct
i would consider the rp15 to be
single-handedly
the best value high performance gaming
laptop
on the market right now like if you're
trying to spend the best like the least
amount of money for the highest possible
frame rate
this is probably the machine it's a
really good one yeah it's a nest here
i don't love the keyboard but i can kind
of forgive it because the price is
well done blade 15. this is the laptop
that i probably use the most this year
i wouldn't give it a nest here uh two
things come to mind
i feel like razer could have and should
have done
more with this year's iteration of it i
think they changed the keyboard
but aside from that the performance was
kind of very similar
not really through fault of their own
like they you know they're working with
intel and nvidia to kind of depend on
them for their performance but
they could have done stuff to make this
thing a better
iteration of a product also they got rid
of the mercury white color
for like the advanced model which i
personally like that's why i still use
the old one as well
uh max 15. this is another device from
electronics another
uh what are they called secret laptop
club device
this goes in
[Music]
yeah it's an a tier for me not as good
as the rp15 to me two things
it gets hot to the point where it
doesn't
throttle it probably should throttle it
gets that hot like these run
weirdly hot and the fans are crazy loud
on these devices because you can
configure them so powerfully
area 51m okay
it's either a c or d i'm gonna place it
in c so if you're unfamiliar with this
device
it's that big one that gigantic one from
alienware uses two ac adapters
the whole premise of the area 51m was
that you could upgrade it right
you have this gigantic laptop and you
could swap out the parts
with new ones a very rare thing to do
with laptops right
change the gpu change the cpu you
couldn't actually do it though
if you had last year's area 51m and you
wanted to swap out the cpu
and or gpu to this year's model they
didn't work and it was just so
disappointing
so many customers bought that first
generation one
with the kind of hopes or intent of
upgrading it and then
they didn't allow it now i don't know
how much of that was
alienware's fault it could have been
intel it could have been nvidia but for
whatever reason
this was one of the big kind of
components
big characteristics of this device and
it just it didn't work out you could
only upgrade it within the generation
itself which was
really weird but i respect what they
were trying to do with the super
powerful system so it's not a d
tier it's a it's a c tier for me triton
this
i'd say it's a c tier so this was one of
those devices that was
really lightly refreshed i loved
last year's models like this blue color
that looked really cool
and i don't know they just tweaked it in
this really unimpressive manner
it was really good last year i would
have given it like a b maybe even a tier
last year
but c tier this year the ge66 so this is
from msi
this i would place yeah it's an a tier
this was one of the devices few devices
that was heavily tweaked for this year
like full-blown rgb system if you're
into that but they just made a much
better
thinner lighter product than they had in
the past so that's a really that's a
good one
xps 17. this was really cool
s or a s
yeah let's give it an s here well okay
so yeah a tier i take that back
so here's the thing xps 17
new design one of the best looking
devices in the world right now right
super big screen on a relatively small
footprint like really thin bezels
the thermal performance should be better
now i know if people that watch my
channel
you're always about the thermals listen
when you buy this kind of device
you spend this kind of money you want it
to be awesome like
super awesome expensive but it just
it just wasn't quite there to be an s
tier for me but overall
really good device the book 13 so this
is from razer this is their new device
c tier for me it just boils down to
price
this is way way too expensive
for it to be any higher like i know
razer devices are usually expensive and
they have a very unique look it's a
really well-made device but this
is like you got to compete with so many
devices when you're in like the 15 1600
point and for the performance you're
getting on this thing
you're paying for a very unique looking
device
and at this kind of money yeah seat here
for me
the omen okay
s tier this was a huge surprise for me
so
omens in the past ever since i started
this youtube channel i think in 2015 i
tried my first hp
omen it was hot it's like overheat
central
and every year it's just like oh you're
the new woman surprise
it throttles hard this year it didn't
like at all
big improvements i think they finally
realized that people care about thermal
performance on devices
uh and it's just like a really well-made
device i liked it
a bit of a screen gap i remember this
was like uh as a bit of an issue for
some people but yeah
it's a good one m17
this is a beat here so this is the big
alienware
m device like the kind of regular
laptops but like the 17 inch one
this should have better thermal
performance than it does
back to thermals it seems um okay so 17
inch device right
big device you got a lot of room in
there to do some crazy cool stuff to
blow the heat off of it
but they didn't really tweak the thermal
stuff and alienware software
sucks alienware if you watch this video
you need to just
completely revamp your software it's
clunky it's
buggy you guys need to fix that and you
can
i know you can okay blade pro
this clean software relatively clean
software
so this i'd place as
yeah i put it as an a tier
yeah let's give it an eightier so this
is a really nice device it's big it's
powerful
but the one thing i think that they do
really well is that they make a device
that takes acoustics
into account and what i mean by that is
that even though it's a big and powerful
system
when it's idling or even when you're
doing light tasks the fans are super
quiet which is
like no one's doing that you know what
though this is so expensive
if i'm not mistaken this is like three
four thousand dollars
i'm gonna put it as a b tier because it
doesn't quite jive
in the a tier to be honest yeah it's a b
tier
but if like this is something that so
few companies do right
like let's say you have like right now
i'm recording this video
while running a laptop that's screen
recording
if this was a windows gaming laptop
you'd hear the fan
i'm using a macbook because they they
know some people care about fan noise
i'm screen recording
you can't hear the system fan that's why
i'm using a macbook but
a lot of companies just they do that
wrong and these guys do it right
for a big powerful device okay the mech
15 also from electronics
this is ah this is a b tier for me
so this is also a member of the secret
laptop club
and it's a good performer but i really
don't like the keyboard and it's like a
mechanical one
and i feel like they did it for like
marketing things like oh we have a
mechanical keyboard but
it's just a really bad keyboard but
again personal opinion this whole
thing is opinion based so it's a b tier
for me
stealth 13.
it's a b this is again really expensive
but
you know i feel like the value is a
little bit better on the stealth than
the book
uh but it's a kind of mediocre device in
terms of
dollar to performance ratio but it's
super unique if you want like a really
small
high performance well moderately high
performance gaming laptop that's a
13-inch screen with
high refresh screen that's it for you
but you got to pay up
ooh asus tough 15.
d tier this was a ryzen device
had high hopes for it this was like a
really inexpensive amd gaming laptop i
was like oh this is going to sell really
well
and it just had thermal issues up the
butt it was
really poor performing i don't know if i
did a review on this thing i actually
don't think i did but it was just
weirdly hot considering how much space
this thing had to cool it off properly
yeah d tier for me and i don't think
they fixed it i revisited it
like several months after i got my
initial review unit but yeah it was a
it should have been better could have
been better okay helios 300
a tier this last year was an s
tier like asti it was an s tier and it
was
i mean it was so good last year it was
again a device that they just tweaked
so lightly they added some rgbs that's
it
right i feel like this should have been
better uh and i think my biggest issue
with the helios 300 is that they didn't
drop the price as often as they did last
year so they had sales in 2019 like
black friday sales
like sales when it was sale time helios
300 was
consistently one of the best things you
could buy this year they didn't do it
they were just like
we'll jack up the price and we'll keep
it there
so really good device just could have
and should have been better
zephyrus m this is a this is a bead tier
for me this is a really cool color
again i don't know if i made a video on
it but it was one of the nice looking
devices
really clean really minimal look uh but
performance was
kind of middle of the road it was more
it's mostly pricing that's what i was
concerned about
it should have been a cheaper device but
yeah it was expensive creator 17
this is the one with the mini led uh
display is really nice looking display i
put it as an a tier
i really wish that it was again a device
that considered
acoustics like i remember the fan at
idle was like
it would hum if you're buying something
like this spending this kind of money
and you're probably using a professional
environment because you you know you're
dealing with
really good image quality and stuff it
should have just been
should have been a better acoustically
designed device
we got the legion 5i so just like the
legion 5 but
with an intel chip this is not an a tier
this is a b tier because well it's
intel's chip they run hotter they're
more expensive
everything bad well not bad everything
worse than ryzen
especially right now and that's the
thing next year next year i think we're
going to see a ton
of really good high-end ryzen devices
it's going to be the year of amd laptops
prestige 14.
[Music]
this was reviewed earlier on in the year
i don't remember that review all that
well
but i don't use it and if i and say i
remember wanting to use this device as
my personal device right because it's
like a little bit smaller a little bit
thinner than your average
laptop 14 inch screen i remember it had
a single fan
it was like this device that had so much
promise
good gpu good cpu but because of the
single fan it just choked a little bit
yeah maybe a b but i would say c because
they
i know they could have put a double fan
in there i remember yeah
it's all coming back they could have
they had the space they just didn't
for whatever reason arrow 15. this was a
good device
it's kind of showing its age though like
in terms of the design
it's a b tier for me am i going to run a
room like what happens when i
err okay uh let's try this this would be
another beat here to be completely
honest this had a mechanical keyboard oh
so it stacks okay uh this was had a
mechanical keyboard
really good mechanical keyboard
everybody who tries a mechanical
keyboard
fails in terms of uh gaming laptops they
all think hey
we got a mechanical keyboard go buy it
it's awesome no one does it right
these guys are closest i wouldn't say
it's a perfect mechanical gaming
keyboard
but it feels distinctly mechanical and
it's a nice keyboard
so it's a b tier good thermal
performance too i remember
the m15r3 this this was improved this
year
improved enough though to be an age here
it's definitely not an s tier i put it
as a b tier
only because i know dell can do better i
know they can do better plus their janky
software
yeah solid b they can do better next
year
i just k you know what would win
straight up an m15
with an amd chip in it that would crush
that would just absolutely crush
better thermals lower price
everybody wins except maybe intel
they don't win g14 this is an s tier
100 this single-handedly
best laptop this year this was you know
if i had
awards this would win it best laptop of
the year okay so if you're unfamiliar
with the g14
it's a gaming laptop had a ryzen chip in
it
great performance and it was small and
it was just awesome and it had that like
cool micro led or not micro led
these little leds on the back of the
display panel so you could like light
them up and do cool things
and show memes is the best okay 13 inch
macbook pro
um this has
i'm assuming this yeah this is gonna be
the m1 equipped ones
yeah it's an eight here and i would
consider
using this thing like if it had more
storage and
if it was i guess a little bit better
for for what i do i would use it it's
really good and it's like
m1 they're like the apples chips are
just they're on another level right now
they're gonna fire up real soon the gs66
so this is from msi
this would be a
a tier or b tier
i really like this device i played a lot
of apex on this machine because it had
the 300 hertz display panel this is
really good
uh i'd give it an eight tier
just trying to think is there anything i
disliked about it you guys are going to
go back to my review and
call me out on something but i'm going
to place it as an a tier
because my memory doesn't pop up any red
flags when i look at this device it was
a nice looking device and they tweaked
it enough that i would consider it like
a proper refresh
so it's an a-tier the 16-inch macbook
pro
uh beats here so they fixed a whole
bunch of stuff this year they got rid of
the butterfly keyboards they got a nice
screen
uh decent thermals considering how thin
that thing is
they're just so freaking expensive and
and we're all waiting on m1 we want some
kind of
apple silicon-based 16-inch macbook pro
because that's going to be
on another level the zephyrus s
i'm not even sure if that's a zephyrus s
in the picture but
uh this is a b tier for me this is a
very expensive machine so asus
they have the zephyrus that's like their
premium zephyrus and it opens up in the
back to
vent out the air and actually works it's
actually really cool but
it's got this weirdly expensive price
tag that's associated with this product
every year
and in the beginning when they first
came out with it like the very first
zephyrus s was like the thinnest gaming
laptop
ever no one else did anything like it
but at this point in 2020
a lot of companies are making thin
powerful gaming laptops and this just
doesn't stick out as much as it used to
but the price tag is still nasty high so
it's a b tier for me
xps 15
i put it as a b tier it could be an a
tier
if the thermals on this thing were
better so this one does not have
a vapor chamber the xps 17 does thank
god i ranked it a little bit higher
uh but yeah it is it just performs a
little bit
worse in thermals and look at that
spread man it's like a
three s tiers one d i'm just going to go
these real quick just to make sure i
didn't screw something up
i think these are all right though
yeah i'm just looking at like the a's
and c like yeah this looks good
i'm satisfied with this list the s tiers
rp15 definitely like just
best value for your money for a gaming
laptop right now if you want something
really high end if you want like the
bleeding edge
performance for games rp-15 delivers it
at a very reasonable price
omen 15 much improved just it's a nest
here for me
and of course g14 so that's my list now
i know this is going to differ
vastly from what you guys would do right
i feel like everyone's got a very
different opinion on how this stuff
plays out but yeah this is mine i'm
curious
what are your as to your laptops i'm
actually going to check out the comments
pretty heavily this video i just want to
see what would you guys consider
an s-tier laptop doesn't have to be a
gaming laptop just stuff that you would
want to use
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs if you liked it subs if you loved
it
see you guys next time